If you are looking for a good health insurance plan,
then definitely watch this video.
We explain in detail about every health insurance plan available in the market
so that you can take the right decision. Today
we will talk about III Lord Elevate Health
Insurance Plan. This is the
first plan in the market which gives you unlimited sum
insured. It gives you the option to choose unlimited sum insured starting from Rs. 5 lakhs.
And when we say unlimited, we mean
unlimited, meaning even if you have a claim of Rs. 2 crores,
it will be settled under this plan. Another very
thoughtful feature is the
power of
insurance. With the power of insurance, you can request your insurer to
give you the benefit of an unlimited claim and your
entire claim amount will be covered under this plan.
This plan
also offers an inbuilt unlimited restoration benefit in
which your claim amount will be
restored and your sum insured will be
refilled. Suppose your claim is Rs. 10 lakhs.  The
sum insured is Rs. 10 lakh and your first claim is Rs.
7 lakh.
This amount will be restored through the Unlimited Restoration Benefit. And
if your second claim is Rs. 9 lakh,
it will be settled with a sum assured of Rs. 10 lakh. Another
amazing feature is
Guaranteed Super Bonus. In this, you get 100%
guaranteed cumulate bonus every year. Suppose
your sum insured is Rs. 10 lakh, it will automatically become Rs. 20 lakh in the second
year, Rs. 30
lakh in the third year, Rs. 40 lakh thereafter and so on, whether you
claim or not, you will definitely get this 100% cumulate bonus.
Another unique feature in this
plan is Jump Start. If you have
any pre-existing disease like diabetes, hypertension or obesity, then
in this plan you can get its waiting period reduced to
just 31 days, due to which you
get full coverage with these pre-existing diseases from the second month itself. And
if you have any such pre-existing disease
Even with a default waiting period of 3 years, this plan
offers the option to reduce it to one or two
years. Now, let's talk about room cover.
In this plan, you can avail any type of room
cover, without any
capping. If you have an illness
that requires hospitalization,
you can avail this cover from 60 days before admission to
180 days after discharge.
If you maintain a healthy
lifestyle, such as
walking or exercising daily,
you can get up to a 30% discount on your premium.
You
also get optional OPD coverage, which allows you to cover the cost of consultations and
diagnostics.
Another feature is Claim
Protector. Consumables
such as gloves, syringes, and PPE kits will
all be covered under your plan, and
you won't need to pay a single penny from your pocket.
You
also get the option of an annual health checkup.  This will enable
you to take better care of your health.
And most importantly,
purchasing this plan from Policy Bazaar offers you a host of
benefits such as 24/7 claim
support, a dedicated relationship manager who will
help you file your claim,
and if you wish, you can call your Policy Bazaar
advisor to your home to
understand all the features of this plan. We
hope this information will be useful to you
and you will be able to choose the right health insurance plan for
yourself.
[Music]